# covid-site

We are proud to announce that we have launched a website to combat the deficiency of critical resources required for the treatment of covid patients and we are looking for hard working volunteers to help us achieve this initiative's purpose. 

During this crisis, we observed that despite working day and night to collect leads, people were not able to proliferate them to a bigger audience, a key reason being: a restricted network on social media handles. It was with this problem in mind, we created this website. We provide a platform for three kinds of people. For the people who aren't covid patients themselves but have gone through a recent trauma, we provide a list of helpful initiatives who are spreading awareness on topics like: sexual assaults, depression etc. and also are extending a helping hand. Next, the people who are not able to find resources like ICU beds, oxygen cylinders etc, we provide access to our rich database, which not only contains information regarding these resources, but also displays the status of that particular information(Status: Working,Unchecked,WhatsApp only, & Not Working). Lastly, people who have information about leads and want to share it, our website provides a very basic form, and by filling it, you are basically projecting your leads to the whole country, therefore, helping a substantial number of people.

The website is sophisticated in a very simple way and achieves its purpose of helping people who are struggling. God forbid, but if Covid third wave does hit India, we need to be well prepared and make sure that the flow of information is properly regulated and well sustained throughout the pandemic. 
